so i just have two two other quick
really quick questions uh
yeah uh
one is
uh
like watching watching the youtube
channel you
you reference a lot to like a biblical
uh the translations i guess instance and
how it applies
things like that so i was wondering if
uh you i i think someone else has asked
the question too but uh if you were
gonna do any like uh
you know further i guess elaboration on
different things
this is q a if you want to if this is q
a if you've got a question ask your
question
that i mean that that that's the
question for it i was just wondering if
you were going to do anything you want
me to okay so let me you want me to
expand on religion you want me to expand
on the concept of god you want me to
expand on the concept of good and evil
you want me to expand on what
what is it you want me to expand on
uh nothing like currently right here
right now i was just wondering if you
were gonna do any more videos
in the future
yes let me tell you something um you
know uh spirituality is is it connected
to everything you cannot see free
spirituality from anything because see
everything is connected so that so the
reason i'm not talking about the
companion because the companion under
the principle of correspondence
okay it's a very important principle for
you to understand that what
correspondence is talking about is
talking about the mental spiritual and
physical planes
okay these are planes okay now these
planes are simply different degrees of
vibration
okay and the best example is like water
water goes through all three states
solid liquid and gas it starts as a
gaseous state
okay that's the mental then it goes into
a water state which is spiritual and
then it goes into a physical state which
is ice okay water is invisible to the
eye but then as it condenses as the
vibration slows down it starts to
materialize well this is an important
principle to understand in order for you
to understand manifestation
when you think of something in your
mind's eye it exists
it's not your imagination okay anything
you can conceive and believe you can
achieve
if you can imagine it you can bring it
into reality
you can bring it into reality the only
limitation you have is your imagination
and you do have limitations because if i
tell you to think of a color that could
that doesn't exist you couldn't do it
you could only imagine things that you
can associate through some sort of
experience
okay
so i so when you think of something it
exists your next goal is to how am i
going to bring it into the physical
that's when people tell you that you
have to think about it all the time
intensely you have to hold that
that thought in your mind's eye and it
starts to coalesce and then it will
start to manifest on the physical plane
through the three different states just
like water does
the procedure for doing that is
concentration
and visualization okay you gotta con
that's why they tell you write your
goals down and read them every day or
they tell christians to pray every day
before you go to bed because the super
conscious is open at that time and
you're carrying your thoughts back into
the super conscious and manifesting it
anything that you think about all the
time manifests i we live on the plane of
time and space it requires time to
manifest on this plane when you think
about it on the mental plane it
instantly exists this is also another
reason why you got to train your brain
so you will not go to hell because you
go to hell you're going to give yourself
hell when you die because when you go to
the mental plane everything you think
about will instantly appear so you want
to think about a drag and it's going to
instantly appear there's no buffer on
the mental plane when you're on the
physical plane there's a buffer
okay there's a buffer there's a time
lapse between you think it is something
and then manifest we don't want to think
of a dragon and it instantly manifests
so we should be thankful that the
natural laws have given us a buffer to
make sure that whatever it is that we
want i it gives us time to change our
mind
so repetition is what is going to cause
it to go into the subconscious mind
which is the feminine aspect of the
consciousness another principle of the
seven principles which is gender
masculine and feminine
the feminine or mother nature manifested
into existence these things that i talk
about you can look at a per you can tell
a person's
thoughts by looking at their condition
you can tell a person if they have lofty
thoughts they're gonna like i like this
dude this new dude andrew tate i love
him because he's so full of confidence
he's such an alpha male he's wealthy
he's articulate he's an intelligent i
love this guy you know it's like you
know because
because he has strong he has a strong
mind
and that might offend some weak men
you know weak men get offended by men
who are very strong and very you know a
lot of people get offended women too
sometimes they get offended of my man
they call him cocky or something like
that because he full of confidence but
that confidence like donald trump they
don't like him they think he's confident
but he always talks highly of himself
his self-talk his self-talk self-talk is
on the god level that's why he's a
billionaire
something's important really
yes it's very if you listen to him talk
he always talk highly of himself
and that's how you should be doing what
you should be talking how you don't
dig down on yourself you got to watch
yourself dialogue because words have
power and you got to respect words words
are vibratory frequencies that's the
third principle the first principle is
mentalism we think of it the second
principle is correspondence we got
another procedure that a mental thought
is carried into the physical vibration
is the next principle that that thought
is carried through a vibratory frequency
into the physical
there's a rhythm to that vibratory
frequency one that's the four principle
it has two sides to that vibratory
frequency everything has two sides
that's where alchemy comes from changing
something from one state to the next but
it has to be some sort of association
for it to occur like love and hate hot
and cold you know you can't turn cold
into hard
hot and cold are on the same polar plane
so you can convert something from one to
the next hate and love or indifference
in love all right
envy and and confidence you know all of
these different emotions all have two
sides to them this is also how you um
correct your character by first of all
you have to have you have to do some
introspection and be truthful to
yourself you have to know thyself and to
thyself be true
that's the first step of initiation if
you can't be honest with yourself if you
can't tell yourself the truth you ain't
you'll never achieve anything you ain't
gonna never achieve no level of
happiness because you get a constant
state of denial you're living in an
illusion a perpetual illusion
you're crazy they have every right to be
afraid of you
they have every right to be afraid of
you because it's like a child with an
ak-47 you got all this power and you
don't know how to use
churchill or teddy roosevelt was saying
that a sovereign is responsible for the
power that it nears in him that power
you're responsible for that power you
have to take responsibility for it but
you have a party out here teaching you
to be a victim
oh you're a victim everything is
victimization
victimization that right there is
insanity it's insanity because you doing
it to yourself and because you refuse to
recognize the power of your own thoughts
you stay in a perpetual hamster wheel of
keep thinking of stuff that's
detrimental to you it occurring to you
but you won't take responsibility for it
you keep laying outside blame on some
something else or some other person
when if you to change the condition you
just need to change the way you think
which is very challenging that's not an
easy thing to do it's not easy to think
positive all the time but i tell you
this that's when my life took off
my life took off when i got rid of all
the self-serving people in my circle
when i got rid of all the negativity
when i you had to eliminate people out
of your life man
right you gotta eliminate people out of
your life
you got to release that burden
that's right
you got to release that bro for who it
is i don't care if it's a baby mama a
baby daddy a husband you know i don't
condone divorce or anything like that
but if it is something and you feel
strongly about enough about where you're
going you're gonna have to release it
out of your life because the only way
you can be successful and happy in life
is by being in a constant state of
positivity
so why would you keep negativity around
you
these are vibratory frequencies these
are forces you got you live in a sea of
vibration
and that vibration bends to your will
that's why you were given a wheel the
seat of the wheel is the conscious mind
the seat where you can make the seat
where you have free will
that is the guardian of the gate that's
the masculine principle the masculine is
a protector and provider it protects the
subconscious from unwanted thoughts and
it provides the subconscious with wanted
thoughts that's why the subconscious is
feminine and the subconscious is
directly connected to nature
which is why they call it mother nature
[Music]
we can go into the depths of these
discussions but all of this stuff that
y'all learning is all about
understanding the power of you that
everything is subject to you because
everything the creator the balanced
universe made you the gods over
everything they made they made
everything subject to your will
but you got to know how to use utilize
it that in itself is the essence of
spirituality spirituality is a science
that is a science understanding how the
forces of nature operate and getting to
a level where you can make them bend to
your will
it takes on many different forms
sometimes it grows into something called
magic sometimes it grows into something
called witchcraft sometimes it grows
into something called voodoo sometimes
it grows into something called christian
science but all of it all of it if you
study all of this stuff it all rests on
those same seven principles
now what you do with those seven
principles could be determination of
whether something is called good or evil
but the nature itself is not good or
evil nature itself is just is
it's you with the free will to decide to
do something beneficial to yourself and
humanity or something that's detrimental
to yourself
or humanity it's just like a knife a
knife is not good evil you can decide
how you want to use it that's the power
that's been placed in you that's the
power that you have but it's going to
require
and that is that is the essence of
sovereignty a sovereign is a person who
thinks for themselves
you can't allow somebody else to think
for you and call yourself a sovereign
and now that is a deep question too
because now we have to do some
introspection to find out whether or not
we are indeed thinking for ourselves or
whether or not our thoughts are being
influenced by somebody else are you
totally free of influence especially in
a world where we're called where
everybody on social media is called an
influencer
you're being bombarded by influence on a
daily basis
it requires work
to be a god man or a god woman it
requires work man that's not no joke and
and sometimes you know you don't even
have time to do it because you work in
jobs and everything like that they don't
even give you time to even attempt to do
it that's the whole purpose that's why i
believe that becoming wealthy is the
doorway to becoming a supreme a supreme
man or woman because
mastering making money is what's going
to free you on the physical plane so you
can pursue all these other spiritual
activities all these other wealthy
people they all involved in something
spiritual
all of them
they're all trying to pursue immortality
and trying to understand the true nature
of who they are
and what we marvel at when somebody
makes a billion dollars it's just a
small exercise of that
just a small it's just a tip of the
iceberg getting billions of dollars
that's just the doorway
so this is why i talk the way that i do
because i'm you know it's not you money
don't make you you make the money
money don't define money doesn't define
you what defines you as your ability to
control your thinking in such a way that
you can manifest whatever you want
whether you have a strong will or a weak
will
whether you have a moral
whether you have a moral stance or an
immoral stance
[Music]
this is the essence of spirituality
according to you surveil but when you do
comparative religious study i think that
you will find many patriarchs and all of
these other religions when you study
deep into the subject matter that they
are all saying a lot of the similar
things but just saying it in a different
way
like jesus john 10 34 is it not written
in your word and your law that you are
god's if you call them gods of whom the
word of god has come the scripture
cannot be broken
god don't know that in the day that you
eat thereof your eyes shall be open
knowing good and evil you're gonna be
like god
psalms 82 6. i say you are gods and all
of you are sons and daughters of the
most high but you're going to die like
men but you are your gods you're gonna
die like me and it didn't say you were a
man it said you're gonna die like men
and that's another thing everybody ain't
god's in here everybody ain't from the
same place
we need to stop that too y'all have
eight different types of blood types
everybody didn't derive from the same
point of origin that's a big that's the
biggest lie that's being told
everybody
don't have the same point of origin
they don't you got some people you got
some people who act like beasts
and then you're trying to raise them up
another level and they're not a level to
come off of that then you have some
people that operate on the level of a
kind of a man called a mankind but he's
not really he's the kind of a man and
then we got a man
and then we got a humane and then we got
a human being
and then we have a supreme being and
then we have a god
you know all those are just descriptions
of different levels of development as
you ascend up the level of self-mastery
those are just the love those just names
you don't have to get caught up in names
you're calling yourself a god all of a
sudden the only thing you can be god of
is yourself me calling myself a god is
not saying i'm a god over you me calling
myself a god is letting you know i'm a
god over me
i mastered myself it's a mastery that's
right